DOCS-1533: Add build-action information (#2388)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/registry/upload/_index.md

### Update an existing module using a GitHub action

> To update an existing module in the [Viam registry](https://app.viam.com/registry) using continuous integration (CI), you can use one of two Github actions.

Reviewer: > update an existing module

'existing module' part matters a lot

if `viam module create` and `viam module update` have not been run, cloud builds will fail (with useful error messages though)

your call whether to emphasize this here, or let users find out

Author: Added

> To update an existing module in the [Viam registry](https://app.viam.com/registry) using continuous integration (CI), you can use one of two Github actions.

Author: ```suggestion
To update an existing module in the [Viam registry](https://app.viam.com/registry) using continuous integration (CI), you can use one of two Github actions.
You can only use these GitHub actions if you have already created the module by running `viam module create` and `viam module update`.
```

   If you have not yet created any GitHub actions, click the **Set up a workflow yourself** link.
   See the [GitHub actions documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/creating-actions) for more information.

> 1. Select the `build-action` or `upload-module` action and paste the following action template YAML into the edit window.

Reviewer 2: Nit: `select` suggests a UI element in the GH UI that the user should find and interact with. We mean: pick the right Docs tab below. What do you think of:

```suggestion
1. Paste the following action template YAML into the edit window, depending on whether you are using the `build-action` or `upload-module` action:
```

> 1. Paste the following action template YAML into the edit window, depending on whether you are using the `build-action` or `upload-module` action:

Author: ```suggestion
1. Paste one of the following action templates into the edit window, depending on whether you are using the `build-action` or `upload-module` action:
```

   {{< tabs >}}
   {{% tab name="CI with build-action" %}}

```yaml {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}

> # see https://github.com/viamrobotics/upload-module for help

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# see https://github.com/viamrobotics/build-action for help
```

Think this is just an upstream typo, made: https://github.com/viamrobotics/build-action/pull/2

on:
  push:
    tags:
      - "[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+" # the build-action will trigger on tags with the format 1.0.0

jobs:
  publish:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - uses: viamrobotics/build-action@v1
        with:
          # note: you can replace this line with 'version: ""' if
          # you want to test the build process without deploying
          version: ${{ github.ref_name }}
          ref: ${{ github.sha }}
          key-id: ${{ secrets.viam_key_id }}
          key-value: ${{ secrets.viam_key_value }}
```

> The `build-action` relies on a build command that you need to specify in the <file>meta.json</file> file that you created for your module when you first [uploaded it](/registry/upload/#upload-a-custom-module).

Reviewer 2: Nit:

```suggestion
The `build-action` GitHub action relies on a build command that you need to specify in the <file>meta.json</file> file that you created for your module when you first [uploaded it](/registry/upload/#upload-a-custom-module).
```

Or

```suggestion
`build-action` relies on a build command that you need to specify in the <file>meta.json</file> file that you created for your module when you first [uploaded it](/registry/upload/#upload-a-custom-module).
```

At the end of your <file>meta.json</file>, add the build configuration:

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers" data-line="4-7"}
{
  "module_id": "example-module",
  ...
  "build": {
    "build": "make module.tar.gz",
    "arch" : ["linux/amd64", "linux/arm64", "darwin/arm64"]
  }
}
```

> You can test this command by running the following command on your development machine:

Reviewer: 'test this command' felt weird, might say 'config', up to you

> You can test this command by running the following command on your development machine:

Author: ```suggestion
You can test this build configuration by running the following command on your development machine:
```

```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}

> viam module build local

Reviewer 2: @abe-winter do we need `viam module build start` for any part of using -- or verifying -- this GH action?

Reviewer: using no, verifying maybe

you can run `viam module build start` on CLI if you want, and then `viam module build logs --id whatever`

(with the caveat that you may quickly hit your daily limit of 30 builds per org)

it makes the iteration loop slightly shorter if someone is debugging a failing build

Reviewer 2: Gothca, I'd omit it from here then imo. Thanks for the annswer!

Author: You mean omit the build start or the command we've put here?

```

> The command will run your build instructions without running a cloud build job.

Reviewer 2: Supernit: `local` for what it does do, not just `cloud` for what it doesn't. Even though it's in the command name:

```suggestion
The command will run your build instructions locally without running a cloud build job.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="CI with upload-action" %}}

```yaml {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
on:
  push:
  release:
    types: [released]

jobs:
  publish:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: build
        run: echo "your build command goes here" && false # <-- replace this with the command that builds your module's tar.gz
      - uses: viamrobotics/upload-module@v1
        # if: github.event_name == 'release' # <-- once the action is working, uncomment this so you only upload on release
        with:
          module-path: module.tar.gz
          platform: linux/amd64 # <-- replace with your target architecture, or your module will not deploy
          version: ${{ github.event_name == 'release' && github.ref_name || format('0.0.0-{0}.{1}', github.ref_name, github.run_number) }} # <-- see 'Versioning' section below for explanation
          key-id: ${{ secrets.viam_key_id }}
          key-value: ${{ secrets.viam_key_value }}
```

Edit the copied code to include the configuration specific to your module.
Each item marked with a `<--` comment requires that you edit the configuration values accordingly.

> Set `run` to the command you use to build and package your module.

Reviewer 2: Opt: just offering a little more context:

```suggestion
Set `run` to the command you use to build and package your module, such as invoking a makefile or running a shell script.
```
